Backport changes for Jetpack 14.0-a.7 (#39855)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/readme.txt

== Changelog ==

> ### 14.0-a.7 - 2024-10-21
> #### Enhancements
> - Newsletters: Add an e-mail preview option to the preview menu.
> - Newsletters: Allow skipping newsletter modals with a URL query param.
> 
> #### Improved compatibility
> - General: Ensure the notice displayed when running an old version of WordPress can always be displayed without errors.
> - Plugin action links filters: Update parameter to avoid conflicts with other plugins.
> 
> #### Bug fixes
> - Map Block: Fix issue where blocks placed underneath would overlap with the map block.
> - Newsletters: Fix use excerpt setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 14.0-a.7 - 2024-10-21
#### Enhancements
- Newsletters: Add an email preview option to the preview menu.
- Newsletters: Allow skipping newsletter modals with a URL query param.

#### Improved compatibility
- General: Ensure notice displays when running an old version of WordPress without errors.
- Plugin action links filters: Update parameter to avoid conflicts with other plugins.

#### Bug fixes
- Map Block: Fix issue where blocks placed underneath would overlap with the map block.
- Newsletters: Fix "Use excerpt" setting.
```
